# Restaurant-Recommender-System
Restaurant Recommender System using Yelp Dataset

Online businesses nowadays offer personalized recommendations to users, identifying user’s preferences and providing them with relevant recommendations to improve their experience. Therefore, users would be able to enjoy the convenience of exploring what they might like with ease, often being surprised by the accuracy of the recommendations. The mainstream restaurant recommendation apps, however, have so far not incorporated personalized restaurant recommenders. Newcomers, and sometimes even locals, who are seeking new and exciting dining possibilities, have a difficult time finding an ideal restaurant. Inspired by such a challenge, we plan to develop a prototype personalized restaurant recommendation system that takes into account the interactions (visits) between customers and restaurants in different cities all over the world to get a better understanding of user’s preferences. Yelp, the popular review website, has generated an abundance of information regarding modern consumer preferences and personalities. Taking advantage of the vast number of reviews, ratings, and general information provided by the community about businesses, we make recommendations for users by utilizing their personal preferences and those of similar users. We evaluate the performance of a variety of baselines built on popularities, review counts, user-user similarity and also evaluate the performance of our own models, namely Matrix Factorization (MF) and Bayesian Personalized rankings (BPR). From our results, we conclude that BPR provides the best results in terms of recommending a restaurant to a user in a particular city.
